
Visual Description of Key Features Section:
This section presents four key features in a clean, dark-themed grid layout. The background is a deep charcoal blue. The main heading, "Unleash Superior Code with Aco Aico AI's Core Features," is in a large, bold white sans-serif font. Below this, four rounded rectangular cards are arranged in a 2x2 grid, each with a slightly lighter dark gray background.
Card 1 (Top Left): AI-Powered Code Review
Icon: A teal line-art illustration of a brain with a magnifying glass over it.
Title: "AI-Powered Code Review" in white.
Description: "Semantic analysis, multi-provider AI, and one-click auto-fixes." in light gray.
Card 2 (Top Right): Custom Team Rules
Icon: A teal line-art illustration of a shield with a gear icon and a checklist.
Title: "Custom Team Rules" in white.
Description: "Define naming conventions, complexity limits, and enforce forbidden patterns." in light gray.
Card 3 (Bottom Left): Security Vulnerability Scanning
Icon: A teal line-art illustration of a spiderweb inside a shield with a lock icon.
Title: "Security Vulnerability Scanning" in white.
Description: "Detect hardcoded secrets, SQL injection, XSS, and more with CWE mapping." in light gray.
Card 4 (Bottom Right): CI/CD & Git Hooks
Icon: A teal line-art illustration of two arrows pointing to a shield, connected by lines, with smaller git hook icons.
Title: "CI/CD & Git Hooks" in white.
Description: "Automate reviews, integrate with Gitewith GitHub Actions, Gitlab CI, and Husky." in light gray.
The overall design is clear, uses consistent iconography, and the teal accents effectively highlight the features against the dark background.
3. How It Works / Quick Start Section
Visuals:
Clear numbered steps.
Each step has a simple, relevant icon (e.g., git icon, config icon, play icon).
Code blocks for npm install and aico init in a distinct monospace font, within a slightly lighter dark gray background, resembling a terminal.
The terminal code blocks use the teal accent for commands and output, white for general text.
Copywriting:
Headline:
Get Started in Minutes.
(Keep it direct and promise quick value)
Sub-headline:
Aico AI integrates seamlessly into your existing development workflow. Here's how to begin:
Step 1: Install Aico AI
Globally recommended for easy access.
code
Bash
npm install -g aico-ai
Step 2: Initialize Aico
Run our interactive wizard to configure your AI provider and settings.
code
Bash
aico init
Step 3: Start Reviewing & Protecting
Stage your changes and let Aico AI do the heavy lifting.
code
Bash
git add .
aico review
Visual Description of Why Choose Aico Section:
This section uses a dark background to present Aico AI's advantages over competing solutions. The main heading "Why Aico AI? Beyond Traditional Tooling" is in a large, bold white sans-serif font. A light gray sub-headline follows: "Discover how Aico AI offers a superior, integrated solution for modern development teams."
Below this, three distinct columns compare Aico AI to different categories of tools:
Column 1: Vs. IDE Extensions
Sub-heading: "Vs. IDE Extensions" in a bold white font.
Bullet points: Each point starts with a teal checkmark icon followed by a white bolded benefit and then a light gray descriptive text.
"Team-First: Enforce shared standards across all developers."
"IDE-Agnostic: Works with any editor, everywhere."
"Enforceable: Block commits/pushes to maintain quality."
Column 2: Vs. Traditional Linters
Sub-heading: "Vs. Traditional Linters" in a bold white font.
Bullet points: Similar to the first column.
"AI-Powered: Understands code context and intent, not just syntax."
"Semantic Analysis: Catches deeper issues linters miss."
"Built-in Security: Integrated vulnerability detection, not just style."
Column 3: Vs. Code Review Platforms
Sub-heading: "Vs. Code Review Platforms" in a bold white font.
Bullet points: Similar to the first two columns.
"Lightweight & Fast: No server setup, local execution, instant feedback, instant Gemini)"
"Flexible AI: Choose your provider (Groq, OpenAI) with Ollama for complete data control)"
The design is clean, organized, and uses the teal checkmarks effectively to highlight the benefits against the dark backdrop.
5. Footer / Support & Community
Visuals:
Minimal text, links to GitHub, docs, email.
Small social icons (GitHub star, email icon).
Light gray text on dark background.
Copywriting:
Headline (Optional, if space):
Join the Aico AI Community.
Body/Links:
Built with ❤️ by Lucas Silva.
Star on GitHub
Read the Documentation
Report an Issue
Contact Us
License: ISC
